---
layout: post
title: "My Resume"
date:  2022-04-21
excerpt: "A resume worth a thousand applications. "
tag: 
- resume
- CV
- professional
---


# Janah Artis Resume 

## Education 

### University of North Carolina at GreensboroUniversity of North Carolina at Greensboro
#### Master of Education - MEd, Educational/Instructional Technology
##### Aug 2021 - Aug 2023 

* I am pursing a MEd in Teacher Education with a concentration in Instructional Technology with the desire to instruct and apply my learning in higher education, nonprofit, government, and corporate settings. I am able to design, produce, apply, and evaluate of a broad range of media and technology for innovative teaching, instruction, training, and development.



#### Bachelor of Science, Information Systems and Supply Chain Management
##### 2015 - 2018 

* The Information Systems concentration places emphasis on computer programming, systems development, databases, network management, e-commerce, information security, and website development.
------


### Penn FosterPenn Foster
#### Diploma of Education, Construction Trades
##### Jun 2020 - May 2021 

From the Construction and Trades program, I learned construction and design techniques and principles in the production and interpretation of basic blueprints and architectural drawings to follow specifications and meet the needs of clients. I am able to describe composition and usage of construction materials and the processes and tools required for assembly. 

* I am able to list measurement methods and mathematical processes necessary to prepare and implement construction-related projects and determine quantities and sizes of construction materials and their related installation processes.I am also able to recognize how to solve problems by adjusting project plans, including types of installation methods of materials and related equipment.
* From the Construction and Trades program, I learned construction and design techniques and principles in the production and interpretation of basic blueprints and architectural drawings to follow specifications and meet the needs of clients. I am able to describe composition and usage of construction materials and the processes and tools required for assembly. 
* I am able to list measurement methods and mathematical processes necessary to prepare and implement construction-related projects and determine quantities and sizes of construction materials and their related installation processes. I am also able to recognize how to solve problems by adjusting project plans, including types of installation methods of materials and related equipment.

-----

### Wilson Community College
#### Associate of Arts - AA, Arts
##### 2010 - 2015

* The Associate in Arts (A.A.) degree shall be granted for a planned program of study consisting of a minimum of 60 semester hours of credit (SHC) of college transfer courses. Within the degree program, the student will have the opportunities for the achievement of competencies in reading, writing, oral communication, fundamental mathematical skills, and basic computer use.
-------

### Wilson Early College Academy
#### High School Diploma, High School/Secondary Diplomas and Certificates
##### 2009 - 2015
<br><br>



## Work Experiance 

### Lowe's Home Improvement
#### Sr. Analyst, Supply Chain Governance and Training Sr. Analyst, Supply Chain Governance and Training 
##### Oct 2020 - Present 

* Ensure all Systems Support and Training team is collaborating with Demand planning, Supply Chain Planning, and Replenishment to execute skills training at various levels (Beginners, Intermediate, Advanced, New User, Refresher, Executive, Root Cause, to name a few). 
* Provide creative ways of deliver training using E-Learnings, PPTs, training videos and partnering with Lowe’s internal teams or external vendors to find different ways for training. 
* Performs quality assurance testing on eLearning to ensure courses perform correctly before posting to production 
* Manage Governance and Controls including SOP for all systems (including JDA), tools, and processes of SC Inventory organization. Work with vendors and Lowe’s IT teams to create periodic reporting monitoring adherence and controls.
* Develop SOPs and work with all teams to make sure they are a part of the training. Specific to SOPs, work with leaders of the SC Inventory teams and Lowe’s internal Audit teams to prioritize, create, get approval, train, and implement SOPs. 
* Direct accountability for supporting divisional requests and training schedules; prioritizes workload to ensure deadlines are met and essential functions are completed.
* Provides appropriate systems, tools, and development support for SC Inventory teams to equip them to successfully achieve flow efficiency goals; facilitates team training as needed to support the business area.


#### Supply Chain Operations Development Analyst 
##### Oct 2018 - Oct 2022

* Works with stakeholders (domestic and international) and policy owners to maintain consistency and harmonization of policy and procedures across all Lowe’s and allied businesses.
* Conducts research, evaluation and assessment of Lowe’s processes and procedures. Gathers, synthesizes and analyzes data and performance metrics, including benchmarking and best practice data. Researches most effective methods of organizational operations to ensure methods being used are the most current and effective.
* Draft, edit, maintain, and revise standard operating procedures (SOPs), forms, policies, batch records (MPs), reports, investigations, proposals, technical user guides, and job aides.
* Diagnose issues with workflow and training documents while collaborating with business partners to resolve.
* Prototyping and analyzing new technology and its adoptability between partners in the network.
* Leads cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities.
* Uses statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports from multiple data sources.
* Builds, develops, and maintains data models, reporting systems, data automation systems, dashboards, and performance metrics tools that support key business decisions.
* Designs and builds technical processes to address business issues.


----


### Navex
#### Ethics and Compliance Communications Specialist
##### Jun 2018 - Oct 2018

* Engaged each reporter with the utmost honor, care and concern; instills confidence that their information will be handled appropriately and that their experience matters.
* Employed effective oral and written communication skills to proofread, review, paraphrase, summarize, document, and report on complex corporate regulations , inquiries, concerns and requests for guidance.
* Reviewed disclosures and guidelines for compliance, and made appropriate documentation as needed.
* Updated, published, dispatchesd and maintained reports online to communicate organizational changes to the client through business-style documentation and reports.

-----


### Wells Fargo
#### Customer Service Representative II
##### Mar 2017 - Mar 2018

* Lead or assisted in investigating and reporting issues, as needed, conducting inquires, obtaining and reviewing necessary documents and interviewing team members, as appropriate.
* Researched, analyzed, developed, and presented detailed case descriptions for verifications and effectively communicated findings and recommendations to internal partners and senior management; focusing on quality and accuracy in verification.
*  Answers customer or vendor inquiries and accesses information from multiple sources using numerous computer programs; and receives customer inquiries for basic to complex treasury issues and questions.
* Provided a high level of quality and comprehensive customer services by collecting information from the customer or vendor, performing complex transactions, retrieving answers in a knowledge base, websites, or financial systems, documenting/tracking service in a case management system, writing notes and emails to complete service, and filing documents electronically.

----


## Internships
### HQ Greensboro
#### Marketing Intern
##### Sep 2016 - Dec 2016
* Create content to support in-demand activities, including graphic designs, blog posts, database management, blog writing, marketing, social media and client relationship management.
* Develop and maintain a comprehensive social media strategy for numerous accounts and channels that support the larger marketing and business goals.
* Developed and ensured proper analytics and reporting of social and reputation insights to upper management throughout the organization.
* Use social media channels to engage with consumers and positively foster two-way bran and consumer conversations.
